Erik Neville
05/30/2018
Role: Front End

What have you completed since the last report?
- Since my last post on here I have done work on my laptop, but I haven't had an
  internet connection, because I was camping on a family trip over the holliday
  weekend. What I've done, which today has become live, was to implement the
  font that our client chose. I did that by using a web service to create a
  web-font-kit, which is being called in our main CSS file.
 
 - I also updated the home page banner to not have a scrolling list of strings,
   per client request, and changed it to become simply a separate container
   which holds some text that can easily be changed.
   
 - I fixed our "testimonials" button towards the bottom of the page to have some
   nice looking animation using jQuery.
   
  - I worked with Michael to format the look of the initial blog page, as well as
    the individual blog posts once they are clicked on.

What do you plan to complete by next report?
  - I have recognized the limitations of using a framework, such as Bootstrap, and
    I would like to continue to learn how to work around them. For instance, I 
    recognize that our page is using an outdated version of Bootstrap and it's
    being instantiated into the pages as a CDN.
    
  - I would like to continue to use Bootstrap to create the look and functionality
    of the front end of the site, but I'm starting to download only the most
    crucial bootstrap JS and CSS and Sass ect.. files that we need for the 
    functuality of this specific site, so as to avoid massive overhead due to
    many framework files that are not being used by our team based of the
    functionality that this website required.
    
  - Ultimately I would like to abandon using Bootstrap as a framework and learn
    more about how to recreate it's attributes so that I'm not wasting file space
    with pre-made code which I will never use. But I think with this project, as
    long as I can take Bootstrap files and store them locally on our server, the
    look and the behavior of the site will remain the same, dispite any changes
    Bootstrap makes in their further updates.
    
  - This week I plan on converting the basic elements of each site to the more
    current version of Bootstrap, and also including Bootstrap source code in a folder
    which will be referenced by each and every child page of the home page, that way
    there is no chance of design or functionality of website elements becoming obsolite
    via changes in CDN calls to online libraries, and everything will be customizable
    within the files that create the actual website.

    
